gh-133244: TPen.pensize raises TurtleGraphicsError if called with a negative number (#135268)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-09-08-11-47.gh-issue-133244.GINMl-.rst

> TPen.pensize raises TurtleGraphicsError if called with a negative number

Reviewer: Some fixups and Sphinx refs:
```suggestion
:meth:`!turtle.TPen.pensize` raises an exception if called with a negative *width* argument.
```

Author: It has been remembered that we should update the documents, right?
